Force roaming to be allowed (#105)
nerves-networking/vintage_net_qmi: README.md

If this configuration is provided, the modem will use the default configuration
that provided by the manufacturer.

## Configure roaming

By default the roaming setting that is provided by the modem, however you can
explicitly enable or disable roaming for a service provider by configuring the
`:roaming` field of the provider configuration. To allow roaming you can set the
the field to `:enabled` and to not allow roaming you can set the field to
`:disabled`.

```elixir
VintageNet.configure("wwan0", %{
      type: VintageNetQMI,
      vintage_net_qmi: %{
        only_radio_technologies: [:lte, :umts],
        service_providers: [

>           %{apn: "apn_name", roaming: :enabled}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          %{apn: "apn_name", roaming_disallowed?: false}
```

It looks like this parameter goes from `:enabled`/`:disabled` to `:allowed`/`:disallowed` to `false'/`true`. That last one is for `:roaming_disallowed`. How about getting rid of all of the intermediate atoms and going straight for the QMI name for the field?

Author: Oops the `:enabled`/`:disabled` stuff should be deleted.

I was just trying to make the API make more sense as `roaming_disallowed?: false` seems awkward mentally. To enable roaming we have to set the `roaming_disallowed?` field to `false`, kinda like a double negative. I don't mind doing that as it maps directly to the QMI spec, but having `:roaming` to either be `:allowed` or `:disallowed` seemed a little better from an higher level, API understandability.

Reviewer: I have a preference for using `true` and `false` for things that are truly boolean, and this seems like one of those cases given that it's in the QMI spec. My preference is mostly because atoms can be typo'd and it's hard to see typos sometimes and get confused why something doesn't work. If you'd prefer to change to `roaming_allowed?`, that works. I agree on the double negative, and it's also nice that if you don't specify `roaming_allowed?: true`, you get the default behavior of roaming being disallowed. (at least for the modems we're trying, since it's unclear to me what the default actually is)

If this configuration is provided, the modem will use the default configuration
that provided by the manufacturer.

## Configure roaming

> You can explicitly enable or disable roaming for a service provider by
> configuring the `:roaming_allowed?` field of the provider configuration. If you
> set the field to `true` the modem will be configured to allow roaming. If you
> set it to `false` the modem will be configured not allow roaming. If there is
> no configuration for roaming, the modem will use its default configuration
> provided by the manufacturer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for allowing roaming is set on a per-service provider basis using
the `:roaming_allowed?` key. In QMI, this field is optional and if unset here,
VintageNetQMI will not send any preference to the modem. The following
example shows a configuration where roaming is allowed:
```
